Update AWS Customer-Managed VPC readme instructions (#27)
redpanda-data/cloud-examples: customer-managed/aws/README.md

# Overview

This repository contains [Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform) code that describes the resources

> customers are responsible for creating in association with a Redpanda Customer-Managed VPC cluster. These resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
customers are responsible for creating in association with a Redpanda customer-managed VPC cluster. These resources
```

should be created in advance by the customer and then provided to Redpanda during cluster creation.

TODO: doc link here (would be nice to have an overview doc of Customer-Managed VPC that is agnostic of cloud provider)

> For more information on Redpanda's Customer-Managed VPC offering see...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on Redpanda's customer-managed VPC offering, see...
```
no link for this today, but you could link to this BYOC architecture? https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-cloud/get-started/cloud-overview/#byoc-architecture

> > There may be resources in this repository that already exist within your environment that you wish to skip creation
> of (e.g. the VPC). Variables are provided for this purpose, more details on the variables later in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There may be resources in this repository that already exist within your environment (for example, the VPC) that you don't want to create. Variables are provided for this purpose.
```

# Prerequisites

> 1. Access to an AWS project in which you would like to create your cluster.
> 2. Knowledge of your internal VPC and subnet configuration (e.g. the ARN of the VPC and private subnets)
> 3. Permission to create, modify and delete the resources described by this Terraform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access to an AWS project where you want to create your cluster
2. Knowledge of your internal VPC and subnet configuration (for example, the ARN of the VPC and private subnets)
3. Permission to create, modify, and delete the resources described by this Terraform
```

4. [Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/install) version 1.8.5 or later

# Setup

> > You may wish to configure [remote state](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/state/remote) for this 
> > Terraform. For simplicity these instructions will assume local state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You may want to configure [remote state](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/state/remote) for this 
> Terraform. For simplicity, these instructions assume local state.
```

## Configure the variables

The [variables.tf]() file contains a number of variables that allow you to modify this code to meet your specific needs.

> In some cases they enable you to skip creation of certain resources (e.g. the VPC) or to modify the configuration of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, they let you skip creation of certain resources (for example, the VPC) or modify the configuration of a
```

resource.

> Create a JSON file called `byoc.auto.tfvars.json` inside the terraform directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a JSON file called `byoc.auto.tfvars.json` inside the Terraform directory.
```

```shell
{
  "aws_account_id": "",
  "region": "",
  "common_prefix": "",
  "condition_tags": {
  },
  "default_tags": {
  },
  "ignore_tags": [
  ],
  "vpc_id": "",
  "private_subnet_ids": [],
  "private_subnet_cidrs": [],
  "public_subnet_cidrs": [],
  "zones": [],
  "enable_private_link": true|false,
  "create_rpk_user": true|false,
  "force_destroy_cloud_storage": true|false
}
```

> | Variable Name               | Explanation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Default                                                                                   | Is Required                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Variable Name               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Default                                                                                   | Required                                                             |
```

|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | aws_account_id              | AWS account id in which to create the resources, if not already authenticated via the methods described [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#authentication-and-configuration).                                                                                                                                                                                             | none                                                                                      | no                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| aws_account_id              | AWS account ID in which to create the resources, if not already authenticated via the methods described [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#authentication-and-configuration).                                                                                                                                                                                             | none                                                                                      | no                                                                      |
```

> | region                      | [AWS region](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-cloud/reference/tiers/byoc-tiers/#tabs-1-amazon-web-services-aws) in which to create the resources                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | none                                                                                      | yes                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region                      | [AWS region](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-cloud/reference/tiers/byoc-tiers/#tabs-1-amazon-web-services-aws) in which to create the resources.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | none                                                                                      | yes                                                                     |
```

| common_prefix               | String that will be used as a prefix in the name of all resources where prefix is supported.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | "redpanda"                                                                                | yes                                                                     |

> | condition_tags              | Key/value pairs for tags that will be included as conditions on any IAM policies where supported. e.g. You can include `cluster:staging-east` as a condition tag and permissions will be restricted to only those resources that include the tag `cluster:staging-east`. Be aware that any tag included here must also be provided during cluster creation in the `cloud_provider_tags` field of the Cloud API. | redpanda-managed: true                                                                    | no                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| condition_tags              | Key/value pairs for tags that will be included as conditions on any IAM policies where supported. For example, you can include `cluster:staging-east` as a condition tag, and permissions will be restricted to only those resources that include the tag `cluster:staging-east`. Note that any tag included here must also be provided during cluster creation in the `cloud_provider_tags` field of the Cloud API. | redpanda-managed: true                                                                    | no                                                                      |
```

| default_tags                | Tags to apply to all resources created here.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | none                                                                                      | no                                                                      |

> | ignore_tags                 | Tags which if present on these resources in the cloud, but not in this code, will be ignored.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | none                                                                                      | no                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ignore_tags                 | Tags which, if present on these resources in the cloud but not in this code, will be ignored.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | none                                                                                      | no                                                                      |
```

> | vpc_id                      | ID of the VPC if created external to this Terraform code. When provided this code will skip creation of the VPC.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | none                                                                                      | no                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| vpc_id                      | ID of the VPC, if created external to this Terraform code. When provided, this code skips creation of the VPC.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | none                                                                                      | no                                                                      |
```

> | private_subnet_ids          | IDs of the private subnets associated with the provided `vpc_id` if created external to this Terraform code. When provided this code will skip creation of the private subnets.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | none                                                                                      | Either `private_subnet_ids` or `private_subnet_cidrs` must be provided. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| private_subnet_ids          | IDs of the private subnets associated with the provided `vpc_id`, if created external to this Terraform code. When provided, this code skips creation of the private subnets.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | none                                                                                      | Either `private_subnet_ids` or `private_subnet_cidrs` must be provided. |
```

> | private_subnet_cidrs        | One subnet will be created per CIDR block in this list. If this list is blank then no subnets will be created, but `private_subnet_ids` will then be required.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | "10.0.0.0/24", "10.0.2.0/24", "10.0.4.0/24", "10.0.6.0/24", "10.0.8.0/24", "10.0.10.0/24" | Either `private_subnet_ids` or `private_subnet_cidrs` must be provided. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| private_subnet_cidrs        | One subnet is created per CIDR block in this list. If this list is blank, then no subnets are created and `private_subnet_ids` is required.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | "10.0.0.0/24", "10.0.2.0/24", "10.0.4.0/24", "10.0.6.0/24", "10.0.8.0/24", "10.0.10.0/24" | Either `private_subnet_ids` or `private_subnet_cidrs` must be provided. |
```

> | public_subnet_cidrs         | One subnet will be created per CIDR block in this list and associated to the main route table. If no CIDRs are provided no subnets will be created. It is not common to provide these.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | "10.0.1.0/24", "10.0.3.0/24", "10.0.5.0/24", "10.0.7.0/24", "10.0.9.0/24", "10.0.11.0/24" | no                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| public_subnet_cidrs         | One subnet is created per CIDR block in this list and associated to the main route table. If no CIDRs are provided, no subnets are created. It is not common to provide these.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | "10.0.1.0/24", "10.0.3.0/24", "10.0.5.0/24", "10.0.7.0/24", "10.0.9.0/24", "10.0.11.0/24" | no                                                                      |
```

> | zones                       | When creating subnets they will be created in these [AWS availability zones](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#az-ids).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | none                                                                                      | Only when `private_subnet_cidrs` or `public_subnet_cidrs` is provided.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| zones                       | Subnets are created in these [AWS availability zones](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#az-ids).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | none                                                                                      | Only when `private_subnet_cidrs` or `public_subnet_cidrs` is provided.  |
```

> | enable_private_link         | When true additional permissions that are required by [AWS Private Link](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-cloud/networking/aws-privatelink/) will be granted.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | false                                                                                     | no                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enable_private_link         | When true, additional permissions that are required by [AWS Private Link](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-cloud/networking/aws-privatelink/) will be granted.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | false                                                                                     | no                                                                      |
```

> | create_rpk_user             | When true IAM policies reflecting the permissions required by the user running RPK will be created. This is not commonly needed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | false                                                                                     | yes                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| create_rpk_user             | When true, IAM policies reflecting the permissions required by the user running RPK will be created. This is not commonly needed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | false                                                                                     | yes                                                                     |
```

> | force_destroy_cloud_storage | When true the cloud storage bucket will be destroyed when this Terraform is destroy. Not recommended for production.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | false                                                                                     | yes                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| force_destroy_cloud_storage | When true, the cloud storage bucket is destroyed when this Terraform is destroyed. Not recommended for production.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | false                                                                                     | yes                                                                     |
```

## Initialize the Terraform

> Initializes the working directory containing Terraform configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialize the working directory containing Terraform configuration files.
```

```shell
terraform init
```

## Apply the Terraform

```shell
terraform apply
```

## Capture the output

> The output of `terraform apply` should display a number of output values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of `terraform apply` should display a number of output values. For example:
```

```shell
agent_instance_profile_arn = "..."
byovpc_rpk_user_policy_arns = "[...]"
cloud_storage_bucket_arn = "..."
cluster_security_group_arn = "..."
connectors_node_group_instance_profile_arn = "..."
connectors_security_group_arn = "..."
dynamodb_table_arn = "..."
k8s_cluster_role_arn = "..."
management_bucket_arn = "..."
node_security_group_arn = "..."
permissions_boundary_policy_arn = "..."
private_subnet_ids = "[...]"
redpanda_agent_role_arn = "..."
redpanda_agent_security_group_arn = "..."
redpanda_node_group_instance_profile_arn = "..."
redpanda_node_group_security_group_arn = "..."
utility_node_group_instance_profile_arn = "..."
utility_security_group_arn = "..."
vpc_arn = "..."
```

These values can also be retrieved at any time by running `terraform output`.

> Note these values. They are needed for the next steps. To continue with cluster creation please see 
> [Configure a Customer-Managed VPC on AWS](https://deploy-preview-12--rp-cloud.netlify.app/redpanda-cloud/get-started/cluster-types/byoc/vpc-byo-aws/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note these values. They are needed for the next steps. To continue with cluster creation, see 
[Configure a Customer-Managed VPC on AWS](https://deploy-preview-12--rp-cloud.netlify.app/redpanda-cloud/get-started/cluster-types/byoc/vpc-byo-aws/). 
```
